NMS-14613  Quick Start: Login and create a user (#5170)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/overview/overview.adoc

[[overview]]
= Overview

> The Operation section provides information and procedures on configuration and use of the {page-component-title} platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Operation section provides information and procedures for configuration and use of the {page-component-title} platform.
```

> The section uses a task-based approach, with chapters in a recommended order for working with {page-component-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The section uses a task-based approach, and the chapters are arranged in the order we recommend for starting to work with {page-component-title}.
```

> Go to the xref:quick-start/introduction.adoc[Quick Start] for step-by-step directions on how to set up basic monitoring with {page-component-title}, using the default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the xref:quick-start/introduction.adoc[Quick Start] page for step-by-step directions on how to set up basic monitoring with {page-component-title}, using the default configuration.
```

> After you complete the basic setup in the Quick Start, refer to the xref:deep-dive/introduction.adoc[Deep-Dive] section for detailed information on additional configuration you may complete to customize {page-component-title} for your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete the basic setup outlined in the Quick Start guide, refer to the xref:deep-dive/introduction.adoc[Deep Dive] section for detailed information on additional configuration you may complete to customize {page-component-title} for your needs.
```

> After you complete the basic setup outlined in the Quick Start guide, refer to the xref:deep-dive/introduction.adoc[Deep Dive] section for detailed information on additional configuration you may complete to customize {page-component-title} for your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete the basic setup outlined in the Quick Start guide, refer to the xref:deep-dive/introduction.adoc[Deep Dive] section for additional configuration information.
You can customize {page-component-title} to fit your needs using the information in this section.

```
